January 2024 newsletter (#401)
readthedocs/ethicalads.io: content/posts/newsletter-january-2024.md

> Title: EthicalAds Newsletter - January 2024

Reviewer: It always throws me off that this month is offset from the current date (eg. January on Feb 13) -- we should probably just update this at some point to match the current month I think?

Author: Ok. Sounds good

Date: February 13, 2024
description: Updates from January 2023, including stats and commentary on our progress as we build EthicalAds
tags: newsletter, community, build-in-public
authors: David Fischer

> image: /images/posts/2024-january-newsletter.jpg

Reviewer: Do vertical images work well here? It looks pretty spaced out in the blog post I thought: https://ethicaladsio--401.org.readthedocs.build/blog/2024/02/ethicalads-newsletter-january-2024/ -- but not a huge deal.

Author: This image is a square and I haven't found it to be that distracting but if you feel strongly I can stick to landscape orientation photos.

Reviewer: Not a huge deal 🤷

image_credit: <span>Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@noemimk?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Noémi Macavei-Katócz</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/snow-covered-mountain-under-blue-sky-during-daytime-ozaowtqTE98?utm_content=creditCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=unsplash">Unsplash</a></span>

## New features

Our progress in January was:

> * We rolled out some initial ad rotations across our network to all publishers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We rolled out initial support for ad rotations across our network to all publishers.
```

  Currently, we're only rotating ads that have been visible a full minute

>   and then only when the user navigates an in-page link.

Reviewer: Should we publish this policy somewhere, so that we can reference it?>

Author: I think it makes sense to put it in our ad client docs.

we saw good traffic levels throughout the month.
Our ad inventory continues to be very tight in North America and Western Europe
with some openings for more globally targeted campaigns.

## Upcoming features

The major features in our upcoming roadmap for February:

* We had a few advertisers who wanted to target based on weekdays or weekends.
  That should roll out for advertisers who want it next month.
* We're working on a huge improvement to our [machine learning based contextual targeting]({filename}../posts/2022-content-based-targeting.md).
  This will involve building some improvements
  that will let us target webpages similar to advertiser product landing pages.
  This will mean that for almost any developer product, we can find the content on our network
  that would be a great place to promote that product.
  We're aiming for a demo in March.
* For advertisers who want it, we can take a more actively manage their advertising.
  We can turn off lower performing ads or even slightly tweak ads to try to find something
  that performs even better. Our landing pages talking to these are mostly ready,
  but we're waiting on a few testimonials before they go live.

> * We're still hoping to collaborate with a few advertisers who use Tableau (or something similar)

Reviewer: Might be time to drop this.. it's been a while here :D

Author: Ya. You're right although I did mention on an ad call last week. Last one.
